Add example and docs for flower docker client (#2752)
adap/flower: examples/docker-client/README.md

# Docker client image 🧪

🧪 = this page covers experimental features that might change in future versions of Flower

This example shows how to dockerize Flower client implememntaion. A detailed explanation of this

> example can be found [here](https://flower.dev/docs/framework/how-to-run-flower-using-docker.html#flower-client).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example can be found in the [Flower Documentation](https://flower.dev/docs/framework/how-to-run-flower-using-docker.html#flower-client).
```
